Add a guideline on framing protection (#17)
w3c-cg/swag: docs/security_guidelines.md

- [Trusted Types guide](https://web.dev/articles/trusted-types) (web.dev)
- [Trusted Types API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Trusted_Types_API) (MDN)

### Implement restrictions on framing

Controlling whether your site can be embedded in another site using an [`<iframe>`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/iframe) can help protect against [clickjacking](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Attacks/Clickjacking) and certain [cross-site leak attacks](https://xsleaks.dev/).

> If you don't need your site to be embeddable in other sites, or if you need only certain specific sites to embed your site, implement framing protection using the [`frame-ancestors`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Headers/Content-Security-Policy/frame-ancestors) CSP directive and the [`X-Frame-Options`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Reference/Headers/X-Frame-Options) HTTP response header.

Reviewer: In most cases, you would not want a production site to be embeddable elsewhere, especially unknown origins.  I suggest the default recommendation would be to restrict, and provide guidance for if a user needs the site to be embeddable, and to set the configuration as narrow as possible to only exactly what they need, to minimize risk.

Author: -> https://github.com/w3c-cg/swag/pull/17/commits/7e4c3470d0662452a62dfa1e530c36ff38fc432b

> The `frame-ancestors` directive offers more fine-grained control, allowing you to list sites that are allowed to embed your site. However, `X-Frame-Options` has better support in older browsers. Since browsers that support `frame-ancestors` will ignore `X-Frame-Options`, it is best to include both methods.

Reviewer: It's not just IE, it's older browsers of any variety.

> The `frame-ancestors` directive offers more fine-grained control, allowing you to list sites that are allowed to embed your site. However, `X-Frame-Options` has better support in older browsers. Since browsers that support `frame-ancestors` will ignore `X-Frame-Options`, it is best to include both methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `frame-ancestors` directive offers more fine-grained control, allowing you to list sites that are allowed to embed your site. However, `X-Frame-Options` has better support in older browsers, so it is best to include both methods. Note that when both are provided, browsers which support `frame-ancestors` will prioritize the `frame-ancestors` and ignore `X-Frame-Options`.
```

suggestion for clarity

Author: Agree that it's helpful to say "when both are included" here and I have done that. To me "prioritise" implies that the non-prioritised thing may still get attention (i.e. priorities are relative) so I have not used that particular wording.

> The `frame-ancestors` directive offers more fine-grained control, allowing you to list sites that are allowed to embed your site. However, `X-Frame-Options` has better support in older browsers. Since browsers that support `frame-ancestors` will ignore `X-Frame-Options`, it is best to include both methods.

Author: I've adjusted it to include IE, link to caniuse, and strengthened the wording from "older" to "obsolete".
